Match 1: Blue Team does not have a jungle champion, thus I believe they will lose. (Correct)

Match 2: Two no bans for red side indicate there might be smurfs on the team, poppy is also good into akali + kayn.
Nobody can safely answer trynd sidelane. I predict red team win. (Correct)

Match 3: Diana + Yasuo is a good combo, Shen can answer Gwen sidelane, Lux is vulerable to Draven Milio, but the red
team does have teemo into 4 auto attackers. Red also doesn't have a meta jungler.
I still say that Blue is advantaged. (Incorrect)

Match 4: Red has two no bans, which makes me think smurfs, but frankly I think the blue team botlane has a
hard winning matchup, their blue midlane has a hard winning matchup, and the topside is even. I think if red team
gets a lead they will be able to dictate sidelanes (Kass & Jax), but if they are forced into their lane matchups it is
difficult. I say blue wins, but its close here. (Correct)

Match 5: I accidentally selected blue very quickly and saw they were correct, but I would have picked them anyway.
They have CC. Red team does not have CC. Aurora & Jax cannot be stopped in the sidelane, Viego is unanswerable in
teamfights. Easy Blue Win. (Correct)

Match 6: Both team compositions are very similar, and attempting to accomplish similar goals. Neither is advantaged in
sidelane, lane, clear speed, anything. In this case, I like the individual champions of blue side better, but really
this is a pure guess. (Incorrect)

Match 7: Zeri + Yuumi > Aphelios + Sona, Vex counters Leblanc, Jax is most likely favored into volibear.
Someone on Red team needs to buy healing cut early, but I don't think anyone will as their champs are all item dependent
and I don't see them itemizing it early enough. (Correct)

Match 8: I think Sion will be very strong in sidelane, which is a boon for red team, Twisted Fate being able to reveal
twitch is annoying for twitch and shuts down his sidelane pressure. Taliah does what TF does but better in many situations
the big challenge for red team is the kindred is unable to invade and contest the viego as her lanes will not be having
early prio, but she does have the opportunity for ganks in the topside. Sion gets shred by viego and kaisa. Tough.
Very tough. I think blue has a perfectly crafted pick comp, and red's comp is very good as well, but does not have as
clear of an identity, Literally every other champ on the team enables Kaisa, Viego has great ganks avaliable, and can
invade. Blue team. (Correct)

Match 9: Both teams two no bans, with smurf champs (Nidalee, Lucian, Trynd, Khazix) Nobody can answer tryndamere, well
maybe lucian if he is strong, but I am unsure. This one is close, Kha Nid both early agressive, nid will have better
invade opportunities, kha may struggle to keep up. This is the one case for blue side, khazix has no chance if trying
to match side of play as nidalee which means he will be forced top early, botlane redside will be pressued by nid.
I suspect skarner will be able to neutralize trynd and trynd wont have time to come online. But blue is bad at dragons
so they may not be able to put a quick enough timer on the game. Tough... Going with blue. (incorrect) Trynd went off!

Match 10: Blue team is all AD, red team has 2.5 tanks who can build armor effectively. Red wins this. (incorrect)

Match 11: Red team if behind will not be able to match camille sidelane, camille jarvan are also very god divers into
the 3 ADCs on red team. Blue win. (Incorrect)

Match 12: Volibear looks like he has very easy gank setup, trist will be challenging to answer in sidelane lategame,
the single boon for blue team is that Azir outranges everyone on red team, but I don't think the game will be structured
enough for him to succeed. (Incorrect)

Match 13: Blue team has no jungle champ, red team wins. (correct)

Match 14: Seems very 50/50 to me, Jarvans ganks are easier, so I think red has a better snowball. Red win. (Correct)

Match 15: Blue team has double no ban and smurf champ (kayn), they are all AD, but have mixed coming from Yone & Varus,
Red has no real tank, and frankly a disjointed comp. Blue seems like they will lose in laning phase, but have many
opportunities to catch up if they are skilled. I think blue edges out because of high value champs (Yone Varus) and
no bans. (incorrect) (Maybe i'm biased against corki, I usually pick him to lose, but he has been 50/50.

Match 16: Blue certainly has the more reliable comp, red has an unanswerable tryndamere though. Jungle, Mid and Bot all
favor blue team, but trynd might not be answerable, still going with blue team. (Correct)

Match 17: Ezreal, Nidalee, Corki poke with gragas poppy peel vs leblanc renekton leona dive. I definately feel like
leblanc should blast corki 1v1, but the other lanes and jungle favor red team. Kindred seems out of place against poke
as well. Voting red team here. (Incorrect) Corki strikes again!

Match 18: Red botlane Kaisa + Naut > blue botlane Senna Smolder, Red side also has a better damage profile, and rumble
to drop ulti on naut engage. Great viego possession targets too (lucian, vlad, zac). Red better lategame sidelane
kayle > vlad / lucian.
No hard kayle punishers.
Red win.  (Correct)

Match 19: Blue team. They have wombo (Kennen, Zac, MF, Rell). I think red has better sidelaning with LB / Lucian but
the samira naut botlane are so shutdown from the counter engage & wombo I think the game will be broken open through them.
Although Zyra is really nice counter dive for the zac nafiri. Interesting game. I'm going with blue. (Correct)

Match 20: Red team selected not a real midlaner, (Pyke). Blue team wins. (Correct)

Match 21: Red team has 4 heavy resource champions, too many cooks in the kitchen, not enough farm. Blue also has twitch
lulu which seems like it would be good at picking off the many squishy champs from red team. (Correct)

Match 22: Blue team looks like it is outranged, with limited dive threat onto azir, maybe ashe buys early healing cut and
hurts the high sustain of red team though. I can picture the Senna Seraphine getting huge amounts of value as they have
no real threats against them in the draft. (Correct)

Match 23: Red team doesn't have a real support, very 4fun pick. All other aspects of draft seem to favor red team, I don't
see how blue can deal with hecarim if he begins to snowball. Really dislike the sylas support as the game goes longer though.
Blue win. (Correct)

Match 24: Blue side: jax looks great in this game, armor + e means he will be a monster after triforce so long as he
survives the riven matchup. Rengars targets look pretty limited, smolder, riven really. Yone looks good. Red is all AD.
Going with blue here. (Correct)

Match 25: A tough one. Ksante will be miserable in lane, but if he neutralises then the nocturn combo can pick off cassio
on repeat, although talon is possibly able to shadow the play and match. Red team has no engage. Good peel though.
Lillia + Talon seems deadly. I think blue side has enough peel and disruption to stop the talon lillia combo and
smolder cassio will never get the opportunity to fight on their terms because there is no cc on red team. (incorrect)

Match 26: I have this picture in my mind of udyr showing up bot, blitz and smolder going aggro under tower to kill jhin
sona and leblanc lillia showing up for cleanup, similar around drags. This whole time trynd splits and gets a lead on
sidelane. Blue win. (Incorrect)

Match 27: Blue has no ADC, but their solo lanes are in very tough matchups and the jungler is unable to help. khazix
can feast on kayle yasuo briar. Blue win. (Correct)

Match 28: Shen will be qq'ing all lane, but I think this is an easy red team win. Blue has 4 resource intensive champs
1 too many, and red has a very balanced composition with a lot of synergy for kaisa. Red wins. (Correct)

Match 29: Tough, red has a way better comp minus the katarina, who really doesn't fit, but she is a smurf / one trick champ
blue is looking very mid. Jhin Annie Diana non synergy. how do they every kill Mundo? Hecarim? they need antiheal, nobody
can easily build it. Maybe warwick? Going with red team. (Incorrect)

Match 30: I like vi's ability to gank darius and sylas and snowball against the Gnar / Smolder, even the botlane are
easy targets, the shyvana doesn't fit. 3 resource heavy champs and a resource medium, I think red is cooking too much.
Blue win. (Correct)